RDB Loader 5.0.0 (#139)
snowplow/documentation: docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/loaders-storage-targets/snowplow-rdb-loader/telemetry/index.md

---
title: "Telemetry"
date: "2022-10-13"
sidebar_position: 100
---

> Starting with version 4.0.0 of Transformer Kinesis and version 5.0.0 of Transformer Pubsub, Redshift Loader, Snowflake Loader, Databricks Loader, Snowplow collects heartbeats with some meta-information about the application (schema [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/snowplow/iglu-central/master/schemas/com.snowplowanalytics.oss/oss_context/jsonschema/1-0-1)). This is done to help us to improve the product, we need to understand what is popular, so we could focus our development effort in the right place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowplow collects heartbeats with some meta-information about the application (schema [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/snowplow/iglu-central/master/schemas/com.snowplowanalytics.oss/oss_context/jsonschema/1-0-1)). This is done to help us to improve the product, we need to understand what is popular, so we could focus our development effort in the right place.

Telemetry was introduced in version 4.0.0 of Transformer Kinesis and version 5.0.0 of Transformer Pubsub, Redshift Loader, Snowflake Loader, Databricks Loader.
```
